Hey Josh, how are you doing? Good.
Well, today.
I don't know. Talk about our family trip.
Past and future. What was your favorite?
Okinawa, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, because we went there for, um,  maki's,
No, not Maki's Fuki's wedding. So we decided to go to...
Was that Okinawa first?
You know, actually that was one of the most peaceful...
Calm family trips that we've ever taken I think
Don't you think it was calm? Like usually some chaos ensues.
But that time, I'm uh can't go  being sick.
It was rather... uhm.
Calm, I think. Is it Okinawa?
Cause there's like... I don't know.
But yeah, Okiniwa, where else?
Yeah, like right, that San Francisco trip.
I didn't go when you guys drove up to San Francisco.
No, no, no, but this is when you guys went to see Maki and...
work.
And I didn't even go on that trip.
Like, Santa Cruz or something?
Okay, cause I did didn't go on that because my pastor.
passed away and I had to do all that.
Yeah, he passed away and we were having the funeral on the day.
But, I heard that trip was a little crazy, and then the big bear one was crazy.
to see.
Yeah, yeah that one.
Yeah, I did too. I did too.
I don't think they could have snowboarded or skied. Hehehe.
Yea, like sledding or something I think.
They were only like four.
Yeah, they were really tiny still.
Yeah. So.
Yeah. But um...
but that one was a little crazy.
It was, well, yeah, all the trips were fun. The cruise was crazy.
Yeah, it was, it was.
Like, we had, she had to plan for all.
54 people that went on the cruise. It is...
Oh gosh.
Did you get sick on that trip?
Yeah, but on the cruise were you still okay?
As you got home, right?
Yeah.
I was feeling something the day before that.
My throat was gone. Like it was...
And did Sandy survive that one?
I'm vaccinated for a lot of stuff, but I was out.
My throat. Something about my throat.
It was really much yeah i was able to get over it in like a day.
Would you go if we have another family?
cruise trip would you go?
Ha!, Even if we get the sweet.
Yeah. Yeah.
A lot of people get sick on that cruise. Yeah.
Haha!
Oh no.
I know. Cruise is not my way or my style.
For travel exactly would you, would you go camping then.
I really, you know like.